[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2018 post-apocalyptic film
mortal engines so let's get started a
thousand years after Earth destroys
itself with a quantum super energy
weapon humanity regroups under the
philosophy of municipal Darwinism were
large mobile cities hunt and absorb
smaller ones the ante traction League
rebels fight for static settlements
protected by the shield wall
Hester Shaw attempts to assassinate
Fatty's Valentine the leader of the
mobile city of London but Tom Nass
Worthy intervenes and the assassination
Hester escapes the city and Valentine
pushes Tom off the city Tom and Hester
are trapped and is sold to be slaves
Hester tells Tom that Valentine killed
her mother after fighting a piece of a
super weapon and Hester escaped with a
necklace and was raised by a cyborg
named Shrike meanwhile Valentine fries
Shrike to hunt down and kill Hester
since she broke a promise to let Shrike
turn her into a cyborg Tom and Hester
are rescued by Anna Fang who takes them
to the city air Haven which Shrike
destroys and then dies the group
traveled to the shield wall the super
weapon named Medusa has been put
together by Valentine and he begins to
destroy the wall
Hester discovers the necklace hides a
kill switch for Medusa Hester disables
Medusa and Tom destroys the city's
engine Valentine attempts to flee but
Hester pursues where he reminds her that
he is her father Tom rescues Hester and
Valentine is crushed by the city so
that's the spoilers for mortal engines
if you'd like to see you spoil another
film please let us know in the comments
below check out movie's spoiler it's on
Instagram and remember to Like and
subscribe thanks for watching
[Music]